# Dataset
Evaluation operation on our submission system requires application traces and network traces.

## Application Trace

We provide application traces with different deadlines and priorities as the system's application data source. You can observe the deadline and priority of the application trace based on the name of the trace. By default, the deadline of the application file is 0.2s, and the priority is 0. But some names may separately describe the parameters of the application data, such as the trace's name "block-priority-0-ddl-0.15-.csv", which means each block generated by this trace has a priority of 0 and a deadline of 0.15s.

For each file of application trace, the first column is the created time of the block and the second column is the size of the block. 

| Time (s) | Block Size (B) |
| -------- | -------------- |
| 0.0      | 514            |
| 0.06     | 305            |
| ...      | ...            |


## Network Trace

For each network trace file, the first column is the timestamp. The second column is bandwidth, in megabytes. The third column is the random loss rate of the link. The last column is the fixed propagation delay in seconds.

| Time (s) | Bandwidth (MB)     | Loss Rate(%) | Propagation Delay (s) |
| -------- | ------------------ | ------------ | --------------------- |
| 0        | 19.38592070201254  | 0            | 0.001                 |
| 1        | 24.832955411664393 | 0            | 0.001                 |
| ...      | ...                | ...          | ...                   |

## Training Set And Test Set

We will provide participants with a training set at the beginning of the competition. The solutions submitted will be evaluated by the test set. The competition is divided into two stages, each stage has a different test set. Score of your team's solution depends on the second stage-evaluation stage. Beginning time of competition and evaluation can be seen in the **Timeline** on our [website](https://www.aitrans.online/MMGC2021/).